# If it isn't a game then it's a listing app

**Every app is a listing app.** When an app lists items I have discovered a correlation between how easy it is to browse these items and its popularity. Apps like Instagram and Facebook, and more recently the king of easy browsing TikTok. Mindlessly browsing through endless content is what people love to do and that is what most apps give their users. Pure mind numbing infusions of cortisol directly into the brain.

**Why are business apps not this addictive?** It's a category of apps that haven't jumped on the easy browsing bandwagon. But there's a valid reason for that. Where TikTok has two browsable content-item types, namely short  video and advertisements. Enterprise solutions have countless. **There's no point is putting all those records in a endless browsable list, right?** Historically no, its easy enough to litter an enterprise application with buttons and menus to make content (data) items available for their users. As long as those users know where to click to find something it's not a problem. Apart from usability going down the drain and esthetics into the proverbial toilet. Most enterprise applications are super ugly and are as appealing as getting up out of bed each morning to go to work. There's no joy in using those things. However those things are paid for by users opposed to the likes of TikTok and Facebook.

**How can enterprise app illicit the same feeling of joy as a TikTok?** How can you do some accounting, raise a purchase or sales order in a social media app? Is doing business even possible in a social app? I have no clue but I'm going to find out because that is exactly what I am going to build. A social network where users can use enterprise tools for free but with the same smooth veneer and polish of a social media super app.

**So what are the criteria of a social media super app?** I have no clue! The only social business network app I know of is LinkedIn but even LinkedIn is awash with menu items, clickable bits and pieces every where. Making it more of an enterprise solution than a sleek social business app. And that is what I am trying to avoid. So, I'm just going to have to invent things as I am going along. Put my thinking cap on and think like a product owner. You can watch me do that here.

I have already mentioned one aspect of a super app namely ***browsability***. When you steal ideas steal from the best. So, all the content items will be listed on the mobile form factor, in an endlessly swipeable, real-time list. I have no fancy self learning algorithm yet to so I will just have to do with categorized items by using tags, hashtags and mentions. The endless scrollable items list I am going to call that the For You page just like in TikTok. 

**So what are you going to list for content?** I could go for low haning fruit and copy that what's already been done. But there are already pretty popular apps for that, Instagram for photos, Twitter for short messages, YouTube for long videos, TikTok for short videos and Facebook for all kinds of brain farts. I should include all of those really in order to compete but I am going to start with a good old fashion todo app but with a TikTok twist. Any good todo app has a way of grouping todos together on a task list. So, I will build that too. 

**Just another todo app, that's your amazing idea?** Well, yeah! In order to give my amazing todo app a unique selling point I will make it possible to give a todo not only a start time but also a time budget. **What's the point in that?** Well, if I add a timer button to the app, you can then start, stop and pause a todo while a timer counts down the seconds allocated to the todo. It's a proven fact that when people are time constraint they become more productive. I've never found this in any of the task management apps I wanted to use in the past, so now I will build my own. And I'll add one more functionality that I have never seen in any app is the possibility to time an entire task-list of todos. So, I can finally plan things and execute in away I have always wanted and needed too. I love being efficient. Because when I am not lising stuff and planning stuff and allocate time and budget to stuff. I get complacent and lazy and then either stuff gets done slowly or just forgotten, and never gets finished at all.

**There are hundreds of todo apps and what's social about todos?** Nothing really but most todo apps are personal and if they are not personal then they exists in the context of some organization, facing inward to manage organizational projects. In time our social business app will have that too but for now, there will be personal todos and public ones. **What's a public todo.** Well, that's a task somebody puts out there to crowd source someone who has the skills and time to execute the task that the todo stands for. 

